[DOC] fixed README to notify users who installed via pip of difference in docs (#121)
pesos/browser-history: README.md

``browser-history`` is a simple, zero-dependencies, developer-friendly python
package to retrieve (almost) any browser's history on (almost) any platform.

> ## NOTE - Docs need to be updated for latest release, as it features breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## NOTE - The features and quickstart here are for the master branch, which has many breaking changes.
```

> Some of the code in this README might not work if you have just `pip install`ed the project. Latest docs can be found in the `release` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the code in this README might not work if you have just `pip install`ed the project. The docs for the latest release can be found [here](https://browser-history.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).
```
